docs/AI-UX-Customizer/manual_json.md, before:

# AI-UX-Customizer Configuration Properties

## Overview

This document provides a table summarizing the purpose, example usage, allowed values, and notes for each property. 
Refer to this page if you get stuck during customization. 

**However, setting via the GUI is generally recommended. Please refer to this document for technical information.** 
**Please note that if you set unexpected values directly in JSON, the script will fall back to allowed values upon import.** 

[IMPORTANT] The property names used in this script's configuration are different from CSS property names. The corresponding CSS property names are listed in the remarks column, so please use the CSS property names when searching for specifications online. 

---

## JSON Structure

The following is a sample to illustrate the JSON structure. **Ready-to-use samples for copy-pasting or importing** are available in the [`samples`](../../samples/AI-UX-Customizer) folder.

**Note:** In the unified script, settings like `options`, `features`, and `defaultSet` are nested under each platform (`ChatGPT`, `Gemini`) within the `platforms` object.

```json
{
  "developer": {
    "logger_level": "log"
  },
  "platforms": {
    "ChatGPT": {
      "options": {
        "icon_size": 64,
        "chat_content_max_width": null,
        "respect_avatar_space": true
      },
      "features": {
        "load_full_history_on_chat_load": { "enabled": true },
        "timestamp": { "enabled": true },
        "collapsible_button": {
          "enabled": true,
          "auto_collapse_user_message": { "enabled": false }
        },
        "bubble_nav_buttons": { "enabled": true },
        "fixed_nav_console": {
          "enabled": true,
          "position": "input_top",
          "keyboard_shortcuts": { "enabled": true }
        }
      },
      "defaultSet": {
        "user": {
          "name": "You",
          "icon": "...",
          "standingImageUrl": null,
          "textColor": null,
          "font": null,
          "bubbleBackgroundColor": null,
          "bubblePadding": null,
          "bubbleBorderRadius": null,
          "bubbleMaxWidth": null
        },
        "assistant": {
          "name": "Assistant",
          "icon": "...",
          "standingImageUrl": null,
          "textColor": null,
          "font": null,
          "bubbleBackgroundColor": null,
          "bubblePadding": null,
          "bubbleBorderRadius": null,
          "bubbleMaxWidth": null
        },
        "window": {
          "backgroundColor": null,
          "backgroundImageUrl": null,
          "backgroundSize": "cover",
          "backgroundPosition": "center center",
          "backgroundRepeat": "no-repeat"
        },
        "inputArea": {
          "backgroundColor": null,
          "textColor": null
        }
      }
    },
    "Gemini": {
      "options": {
        "//": "Same structure as ChatGPT"
      },
      "features": {
        "//": "Same structure as ChatGPT"
      },
      "defaultSet": {
        "//": "Same structure as ChatGPT"
      }
    }
  },
  "themeSets": [
    {
      "metadata": {
        "id": "aiuxc-theme-example-1",
        "name": "My Project Theme 1",
        "matchPatterns": [
          "/\\[theme1\\]/i",
          "/My Project/i"
        ],
        "urlPatterns": [
          "/abcdef123456/i"
        ]
      },
      "user": {
        "name": "You",
        "icon": "url, SVG, base64, ...",
        "standingImageUrl": "",
        "textColor": "#89c4f4",
        "font": "Meiryo, sans-serif",
        "bubbleBackgroundColor": "#232e3b",
        "bubblePadding": 10,
        "bubbleBorderRadius": 16,
        "bubbleMaxWidth": 70
      },
      "assistant": {
        "name": "Assistant",
        "icon": "url, SVG, base64, ...",
        "standingImageUrl": "",
        "textColor": "#ffe4e1",
        "font": "Meiryo, sans-serif",
        "bubbleBackgroundColor": "#384251",
        "bubblePadding": 10,
        "bubbleBorderRadius": 16,
        "bubbleMaxWidth": 90
      },
      "window": {
        "backgroundColor": "#151b22",
        "backgroundImageUrl": "url here",
        "backgroundSize": "cover",
        "backgroundPosition": "center center",
        "backgroundRepeat": "no-repeat"
      },
      "inputArea": {
        "backgroundColor": "#202531",
        "textColor": "#e3e3e3"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

-----

## Overall Structure

| Item Name | Description/Example |
| --- | --- |
| `developer` | Debugging and developer settings (e.g., logger level). |
| `platforms` | Contains settings specific to each service (`ChatGPT`, `Gemini`). Includes `options`, `features`, and `defaultSet` for each. |
| `themeSets` | An array of theme settings. You can create multiple themes that apply across platforms based on patterns. |

-----

## `"options"` Settings

> **Note:** These settings are located under `platforms.<PlatformName>.options`.

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `icon_size` | Icon size | `64` | Number. Default is `64`.<br>Values `64`, `96`, `128`, `160`, `192` are specified as allowed values for balanced display.  |
| `chat_content_max_width` | Max width of the chat content area. | `70` | Number (Unit is fixed to `vw`).<br>Blank or `null` for the AI service's default.  |
| `respect_avatar_space` | Whether to consider avatar icon space when displaying standing images.  | `true` | `true`: Standing images are adjusted so they don't overlap avatar icons.<br>`false`: Standing images may overlap avatar icons. Set to `false` if you want to maximize standing image display size.<br>Default is `true`.  |

-----

## `"features"` Settings

> **Note:** These settings are located under `platforms.<PlatformName>.features`.

Configure ON/OFF and thresholds for convenient UI improvement features. 

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `load_full_history_on_chat_load` | `ChatGPT` (Firefox only)<br>Enables "layout scan and rescan DOM" on chat load.<br>`Gemini`<br>Enables auto-load full chat history on chat load.  | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>`ChatGPT`<br>Automatically scans the chat layout when opening a chat (Firefox only. See notes below.).<br>`Gemini`<br>Automatically loads the entire chat history when opening a chat.  |
| `timestamp` | `ChatGPT` **[ChatGPT only]**<br>Displays the creation time for each message. | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>`ChatGPT` only.<br>This feature is not available for Gemini as it is technically difficult to retrieve timestamps. |
| `collapsible_button` | Displays a button to collapse messages at the top of each message bubble.  | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>Displays on the top-left for assistant and top-right for user.<br>Note: For Gemini, user bubbles have a standard collapse button, so this script does not process user bubbles for Gemini.<br>When this feature is enabled, a button to toggle the collapse state of all messages is displayed to the right of the message input field.  |
| `collapsible_button.`<br>`auto_collapse_user_message` | **[ChatGPT only]**<br>Automatically collapses user messages that exceed the height threshold upon loading. | `{ "enabled": false }` | `true`/`false`<br>Default is `false`.<br>Requires `collapsible_button` to be enabled. |
| `bubble_nav_buttons` | Displays navigation buttons (Prev/Next/Top) attached to each message bubble. | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>Displays buttons for Previous/Next/Top navigation on the message bubble. |
| `fixed_nav_console` | Displays an integrated navigation console.  | `{ "enabled": true, "position": "input_top" }` | `true`/`false`<br>Displays a console bar consolidating navigation-related features for efficient message movement.<br>Accepted values for `position`: `"input_top"` (floating above input) or `"header"` (embedded in top bar). Default is `"input_top"`.  |
| `fixed_nav_console.`<br>`keyboard_shortcuts` | Enables keyboard shortcuts for navigation.<br>**Alt + ↑ / ↓**: Previous / Next message<br>**Alt + Shift + ↑ / ↓**: First / Last message<br>**Alt + J**: Open Jump List<br>**Alt + N**: Input message number | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>Default is `true`.<br>Requires `fixed_nav_console` to be enabled. |

##### Notes about `load_full_history_on_chat_load` (ChatGPT / Firefox-only Option):
When using Firefox, you may experience a "rubber-banding" or scroll-bouncing effect while scrolling. This is likely caused by layout shifts, where the height of off-screen elements (suspected to be the avatar icons) is calculated late, causing the entire page to reflow.  
Setting this option to `true` will automatically run a "layout scan" (which simulates scrolling through the entire chat) when a conversation is loaded. This process forces the browser to calculate and finalize the height of all elements, mitigating this scrolling issue.  
If this option is set to `false`, you can still run this function manually at any time by pressing the "Layout Scan" button on the far left of the navigation console.  

##### Notes about `timestamp` (ChatGPT-only Feature):
This feature displays the precise creation time for each message.  
This is made possible by intercepting the `/backend-api/conversation/` API request on ChatGPT, which contains historical timestamp data. This interception requires the script to run at `document-start`.  
This feature is **not implemented for Gemini** because Gemini uses a different data loading mechanism, and a similar API endpoint providing historical timestamps is not available for interception.

-----

## `"defaultSet"` Settings

> **Note:** These settings are located under `platforms.<PlatformName>.defaultSet`.

Sets the default theme. This is applied if no theme in `"themeSets"` matches. 
The settings are the same as those for each theme in `"themeSets"`, excluding `"metadata"`. 

-----

## `"themeSets"` Settings

You can define multiple themes as an array of objects in `themeSets`. 

### `"metadata"` (Theme Information)

At the beginning of each theme object, describe the theme's information in `metadata`. 

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `id` | Unique ID for the theme | `"aiuxc-theme-12345"` | An ID for internal management by the script. You usually don't need to edit this. It is automatically assigned when a new theme is created in the theme editor. Even if duplicate IDs exist in the JSON, duplicates will be automatically avoided upon import.  |
| `name` | Theme name | `"My Project Theme"` | The name displayed in the theme editor's dropdown. Use a descriptive name.  |
| `matchPatterns` | Theme application conditions  | `[ "/myproject/i", "/^Project\\\\d+/" ]` | An **array of regular expression strings**. The theme is applied if the window title matches these conditions.<br>**Backslashes (\\) must be escaped twice (\\\\) in the JSON.**<br><br>**Examples:**<br>- Contains `"myproject"` (case-insensitive with `/i`)<br>- Starts with `"Project"` followed by a number  |
| `urlPatterns` | Theme application conditions (URL) | `[ "/abcdef123/i" ]` | An **array of regular expression strings**. The theme is applied if the **URL path** matches these conditions.<br>**Evaluated before `matchPatterns`.** If a URL match is found, title matching is skipped. |

-----

### User/Assistant Settings (`"user"` / `"assistant"`)

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `name` | Display name | `"You"`, `"AI Service"` | String  |
| `icon` | Icon image | `"https://.../icon.png"`<br>`"<svg>..."` | URL, SVG code, Base64, etc.<br>When editing JSON directly, `"` in SVG code must be escaped as `\"`.  |
| `standingImageUrl` | Standing image URL | `"https://.../sample.png"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-image` format.<br>Can be a single URL or combined with `linear-gradient`, etc.  |
| `textColor` | Text color | `"#89c4f4"` | CSS color code (\# notation/rgb()/name, etc.)<br>Corresponding CSS property: `color`  |
| `font` | Font for the bubble | `"Meiryo, sans-serif"` | CSS font declaration  |
| `bubbleBackgroundColor` | Bubble background color | `"#222833"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-color`  |
| `bubblePadding` | Bubble inner padding | `10` | Number (Unit is fixed to `px`).<br>Corresponding CSS property: `padding` |
| `bubbleBorderRadius` | Bubble corner radius | `16` | Number (Unit is fixed to `px`).<br>Corresponding CSS property: `border-radius` |
| `bubbleMaxWidth` | Bubble max width | `70` | Number (Unit is fixed to `%`).<br>Corresponding CSS property: `max-width` |

-----

### Background Settings (`"window"`)

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `backgroundColor` | Chat window background color | `"#11131c"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-color`  |
| `backgroundImageUrl` | Chat window background image | `"https://.../bg.png"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-image` format.<br>Can be a single URL or combined with `linear-gradient`, etc.  |
| `backgroundSize` | Background image size | `"cover"`, `"contain"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-size`  |
| `backgroundPosition` | Background image position | `"center center"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-position`  |
| `backgroundRepeat` | Background image repeat setting | `"no-repeat"`, `"repeat"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-repeat`  |

-----

### Chat Input Area Settings (`"inputArea"`)

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `backgroundColor` | Input area background color | `"#21212a"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-color`  |
| `textColor` | Input area text color | `"#e3e3e3"` | Corresponding CSS property: `color`  |

-----

## Tips

  * You can make the chat bubble background transparent by specifying an alpha value in `rgb(R G B / A)` for the background color. 
  * If you don't want to change the default theme from the AI service's standard, set all properties in `defaultSet` to `null`. 
  * While you can use `base64` encoding for local images for icons and backgrounds, it is recommended to use online resources to avoid bloating the settings JSON and potential performance degradation.

Commit message:

feat(style): [AIUXC] 1.0.0-b470: Apply user font settings to the input area
This commit extends the theme customization capabilities by applying the user's font setting to the chat input area.
It also updates the theme preview logic to reflect this change in real-time.

- **feat(StyleTemplates): Apply User Font to Input Area**
  - Updated `getThemeBaseCss` to include the `font-family` property in the input area style definition (`INPUT_TEXT_FIELD_TARGET`).
  - The input area now automatically inherits the font configured for the user (`CSS_VARS.USER_FONT`), eliminating the need for a separate input font setting.
  - This respects the existing fallback mechanism: if no specific user font is set in the active theme, it defaults to the platform's default theme setting or the browser default.
- **feat(ThemePreview): Sync Input Preview with User Settings**
  - Updated `ThemePreviewController.renderActorPreview` to synchronize the input area preview with the user settings.
  - When editing the user's font configuration in the theme editor, the input area preview now updates dynamically to display the selected font.

docs/AI-UX-Customizer/manual_json.md, after:

# AI-UX-Customizer Configuration Properties

## Overview

This document provides a table summarizing the purpose, example usage, allowed values, and notes for each property. 
Refer to this page if you get stuck during customization. 

**However, setting via the GUI is generally recommended. Please refer to this document for technical information.** 
**Please note that if you set unexpected values directly in JSON, the script will fall back to allowed values upon import.** 

[IMPORTANT] The property names used in this script's configuration are different from CSS property names. The corresponding CSS property names are listed in the remarks column, so please use the CSS property names when searching for specifications online. 

---

## JSON Structure

The following is a sample to illustrate the JSON structure. **Ready-to-use samples for copy-pasting or importing** are available in the [`samples`](../../samples/AI-UX-Customizer) folder.

**Note:** In the unified script, settings like `options`, `features`, and `defaultSet` are nested under each platform (`ChatGPT`, `Gemini`) within the `platforms` object.

```json
{
  "developer": {
    "logger_level": "log"
  },
  "platforms": {
    "ChatGPT": {
      "options": {
        "icon_size": 64,
        "chat_content_max_width": null,
        "respect_avatar_space": true
      },
      "features": {
        "load_full_history_on_chat_load": { "enabled": true },
        "timestamp": { "enabled": true },
        "collapsible_button": {
          "enabled": true,
          "auto_collapse_user_message": { "enabled": false }
        },
        "bubble_nav_buttons": { "enabled": true },
        "fixed_nav_console": {
          "enabled": true,
          "position": "input_top",
          "keyboard_shortcuts": { "enabled": true }
        }
      },
      "defaultSet": {
        "user": {
          "name": "You",
          "icon": "...",
          "standingImageUrl": null,
          "textColor": null,
          "font": null,
          "bubbleBackgroundColor": null,
          "bubblePadding": null,
          "bubbleBorderRadius": null,
          "bubbleMaxWidth": null
        },
        "assistant": {
          "name": "Assistant",
          "icon": "...",
          "standingImageUrl": null,
          "textColor": null,
          "font": null,
          "bubbleBackgroundColor": null,
          "bubblePadding": null,
          "bubbleBorderRadius": null,
          "bubbleMaxWidth": null
        },
        "window": {
          "backgroundColor": null,
          "backgroundImageUrl": null,
          "backgroundSize": "cover",
          "backgroundPosition": "center center",
          "backgroundRepeat": "no-repeat"
        },
        "inputArea": {
          "backgroundColor": null,
          "textColor": null
        }
      }
    },
    "Gemini": {
      "options": {
        "//": "Same structure as ChatGPT"
      },
      "features": {
        "//": "Same structure as ChatGPT"
      },
      "defaultSet": {
        "//": "Same structure as ChatGPT"
      }
    }
  },
  "themeSets": [
    {
      "metadata": {
        "id": "aiuxc-theme-example-1",
        "name": "My Project Theme 1",
        "matchPatterns": [
          "/\\[theme1\\]/i",
          "/My Project/i"
        ],
        "urlPatterns": [
          "/abcdef123456/i"
        ]
      },
      "user": {
        "name": "You",
        "icon": "url, SVG, base64, ...",
        "standingImageUrl": "",
        "textColor": "#89c4f4",
        "font": "Meiryo, sans-serif",
        "bubbleBackgroundColor": "#232e3b",
        "bubblePadding": 10,
        "bubbleBorderRadius": 16,
        "bubbleMaxWidth": 70
      },
      "assistant": {
        "name": "Assistant",
        "icon": "url, SVG, base64, ...",
        "standingImageUrl": "",
        "textColor": "#ffe4e1",
        "font": "Meiryo, sans-serif",
        "bubbleBackgroundColor": "#384251",
        "bubblePadding": 10,
        "bubbleBorderRadius": 16,
        "bubbleMaxWidth": 90
      },
      "window": {
        "backgroundColor": "#151b22",
        "backgroundImageUrl": "url here",
        "backgroundSize": "cover",
        "backgroundPosition": "center center",
        "backgroundRepeat": "no-repeat"
      },
      "inputArea": {
        "backgroundColor": "#202531",
        "textColor": "#e3e3e3"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

-----

## Overall Structure

| Item Name | Description/Example |
| --- | --- |
| `developer` | Debugging and developer settings (e.g., logger level). |
| `platforms` | Contains settings specific to each service (`ChatGPT`, `Gemini`). Includes `options`, `features`, and `defaultSet` for each. |
| `themeSets` | An array of theme settings. You can create multiple themes that apply across platforms based on patterns. |

-----

## `"options"` Settings

> **Note:** These settings are located under `platforms.<PlatformName>.options`.

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `icon_size` | Icon size | `64` | Number. Default is `64`.<br>Values `64`, `96`, `128`, `160`, `192` are specified as allowed values for balanced display.  |
| `chat_content_max_width` | Max width of the chat content area. | `70` | Number (Unit is fixed to `vw`).<br>Blank or `null` for the AI service's default.  |
| `respect_avatar_space` | Whether to consider avatar icon space when displaying standing images.  | `true` | `true`: Standing images are adjusted so they don't overlap avatar icons.<br>`false`: Standing images may overlap avatar icons. Set to `false` if you want to maximize standing image display size.<br>Default is `true`.  |

-----

## `"features"` Settings

> **Note:** These settings are located under `platforms.<PlatformName>.features`.

Configure ON/OFF and thresholds for convenient UI improvement features. 

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `load_full_history_on_chat_load` | `ChatGPT` (Firefox only)<br>Enables "layout scan and rescan DOM" on chat load.<br>`Gemini`<br>Enables auto-load full chat history on chat load.  | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>`ChatGPT`<br>Automatically scans the chat layout when opening a chat (Firefox only. See notes below.).<br>`Gemini`<br>Automatically loads the entire chat history when opening a chat.  |
| `timestamp` | `ChatGPT` **[ChatGPT only]**<br>Displays the creation time for each message. | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>`ChatGPT` only.<br>This feature is not available for Gemini as it is technically difficult to retrieve timestamps. |
| `collapsible_button` | Displays a button to collapse messages at the top of each message bubble.  | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>Displays on the top-left for assistant and top-right for user.<br>Note: For Gemini, user bubbles have a standard collapse button, so this script does not process user bubbles for Gemini.<br>When this feature is enabled, a button to toggle the collapse state of all messages is displayed to the right of the message input field.  |
| `collapsible_button.`<br>`auto_collapse_user_message` | **[ChatGPT only]**<br>Automatically collapses user messages that exceed the height threshold upon loading. | `{ "enabled": false }` | `true`/`false`<br>Default is `false`.<br>Requires `collapsible_button` to be enabled. |
| `bubble_nav_buttons` | Displays navigation buttons (Prev/Next/Top) attached to each message bubble. | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>Displays buttons for Previous/Next/Top navigation on the message bubble. |
| `fixed_nav_console` | Displays an integrated navigation console.  | `{ "enabled": true, "position": "input_top" }` | `true`/`false`<br>Displays a console bar consolidating navigation-related features for efficient message movement.<br>Accepted values for `position`: `"input_top"` (floating above input) or `"header"` (embedded in top bar). Default is `"input_top"`.  |
| `fixed_nav_console.`<br>`keyboard_shortcuts` | Enables keyboard shortcuts for navigation.<br>**Alt + ↑ / ↓**: Previous / Next message<br>**Alt + Shift + ↑ / ↓**: First / Last message<br>**Alt + J**: Open Jump List<br>**Alt + N**: Input message number | `{ "enabled": true }` | `true`/`false`<br>Default is `true`.<br>Requires `fixed_nav_console` to be enabled. |

##### Notes about `load_full_history_on_chat_load` (ChatGPT / Firefox-only Option):
When using Firefox, you may experience a "rubber-banding" or scroll-bouncing effect while scrolling. This is likely caused by layout shifts, where the height of off-screen elements (suspected to be the avatar icons) is calculated late, causing the entire page to reflow.  
Setting this option to `true` will automatically run a "layout scan" (which simulates scrolling through the entire chat) when a conversation is loaded. This process forces the browser to calculate and finalize the height of all elements, mitigating this scrolling issue.  
If this option is set to `false`, you can still run this function manually at any time by pressing the "Layout Scan" button on the far left of the navigation console.  

##### Notes about `timestamp` (ChatGPT-only Feature):
This feature displays the precise creation time for each message.  
This is made possible by intercepting the `/backend-api/conversation/` API request on ChatGPT, which contains historical timestamp data. This interception requires the script to run at `document-start`.  
This feature is **not implemented for Gemini** because Gemini uses a different data loading mechanism, and a similar API endpoint providing historical timestamps is not available for interception.

-----

## `"defaultSet"` Settings

> **Note:** These settings are located under `platforms.<PlatformName>.defaultSet`.

Sets the default theme. This is applied if no theme in `"themeSets"` matches. 
The settings are the same as those for each theme in `"themeSets"`, excluding `"metadata"`. 

-----

## `"themeSets"` Settings

You can define multiple themes as an array of objects in `themeSets`. 

### `"metadata"` (Theme Information)

At the beginning of each theme object, describe the theme's information in `metadata`. 

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `id` | Unique ID for the theme | `"aiuxc-theme-12345"` | An ID for internal management by the script. You usually don't need to edit this. It is automatically assigned when a new theme is created in the theme editor. Even if duplicate IDs exist in the JSON, duplicates will be automatically avoided upon import.  |
| `name` | Theme name | `"My Project Theme"` | The name displayed in the theme editor's dropdown. Use a descriptive name.  |
| `matchPatterns` | Theme application conditions  | `[ "/myproject/i", "/^Project\\\\d+/" ]` | An **array of regular expression strings**. The theme is applied if the window title matches these conditions.<br>**Backslashes (\\) must be escaped twice (\\\\) in the JSON.**<br><br>**Examples:**<br>- Contains `"myproject"` (case-insensitive with `/i`)<br>- Starts with `"Project"` followed by a number  |
| `urlPatterns` | Theme application conditions (URL) | `[ "/abcdef123/i" ]` | An **array of regular expression strings**. The theme is applied if the **URL path** matches these conditions.<br>**Evaluated before `matchPatterns`.** If a URL match is found, title matching is skipped. |

-----

### User/Assistant Settings (`"user"` / `"assistant"`)

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `name` | Display name | `"You"`, `"AI Service"` | String  |
| `icon` | Icon image | `"https://.../icon.png"`<br>`"<svg>..."` | URL, SVG code, Base64, etc.<br>When editing JSON directly, `"` in SVG code must be escaped as `\"`.  |
| `standingImageUrl` | Standing image URL | `"https://.../sample.png"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-image` format.<br>Can be a single URL or combined with `linear-gradient`, etc.  |
| `textColor` | Text color | `"#89c4f4"` | CSS color code (\# notation/rgb()/name, etc.)<br>Corresponding CSS property: `color`  |
| `font` | Font for the bubble | `"Meiryo, sans-serif"` | CSS font declaration<br>**Note:** For `"user"`, this font is also applied to the input area. |
| `bubbleBackgroundColor` | Bubble background color | `"#222833"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-color`  |
| `bubblePadding` | Bubble inner padding | `10` | Number (Unit is fixed to `px`).<br>Corresponding CSS property: `padding` |
| `bubbleBorderRadius` | Bubble corner radius | `16` | Number (Unit is fixed to `px`).<br>Corresponding CSS property: `border-radius` |
| `bubbleMaxWidth` | Bubble max width | `70` | Number (Unit is fixed to `%`).<br>Corresponding CSS property: `max-width` |

-----

### Background Settings (`"window"`)

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `backgroundColor` | Chat window background color | `"#11131c"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-color`  |
| `backgroundImageUrl` | Chat window background image | `"https://.../bg.png"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-image` format.<br>Can be a single URL or combined with `linear-gradient`, etc.  |
| `backgroundSize` | Background image size | `"cover"`, `"contain"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-size`  |
| `backgroundPosition` | Background image position | `"center center"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-position`  |
| `backgroundRepeat` | Background image repeat setting | `"no-repeat"`, `"repeat"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-repeat`  |

-----

### Chat Input Area Settings (`"inputArea"`)

| Property Name | Description | Example | Notes/Allowed Values |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `backgroundColor` | Input area background color | `"#21212a"` | Corresponding CSS property: `background-color`  |
| `textColor` | Input area text color | `"#e3e3e3"` | Corresponding CSS property: `color`  |

-----

## Tips

  * You can make the chat bubble background transparent by specifying an alpha value in `rgb(R G B / A)` for the background color. 
  * If you don't want to change the default theme from the AI service's standard, set all properties in `defaultSet` to `null`. 
  * While you can use `base64` encoding for local images for icons and backgrounds, it is recommended to use online resources to avoid bloating the settings JSON and potential performance degradation.
