docs/AI-UX-Customizer/settings.md, before:

# AI-UX-Customizer Settings Screen

## Settings Panel

The **Settings Panel** is the central hub for configuring global options and toggling features.  
Since **AI-UX-Customizer** is a unified script, this panel automatically adapts its layout and available options based on whether you are using **ChatGPT** or **Gemini**.

To customize visual themes (colors, backgrounds, standing images), use the **Theme Editor**, which is accessible via the "Edit Themes..." button within this panel.

### 1. Accessing the Settings

You can access the Settings Panel by clicking the **Settings button** (palette icon 🎨) located **inside the text input area**.

![Settings button](./images/settings_button.webp)

### 2. Settings Panel Items

| ChatGPT | Gemini |
| :--- | :--- |
| ChatGPT specific settings:<ul><li>Scan layout on chat load (Firefox only)</li><li>Show timestamp</li><li>Auto collapse user message</li></ul> | Gemini specific settings:<ul><li>Load full history on chat load</li></ul> |
| ![Settings Panel (ChatGPT)](./images/settings_panel_chatgpt.webp) | ![Settings Panel (Gemini)](./images/settings_panel_gemini.webp) |

| Item | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Applied Theme** | The name of the theme currently applied to the chat. Click to edit this theme directly. |
| **Themes** | Opens the **Theme Editor** to create, edit, and delete themes. |
| **JSON** | Opens the screen to directly edit, import, and export all settings in JSON format. |
| **Icon size** | Changes the size of the user and assistant avatar icons displayed on the left and right sides of the screen. |
| **Chat content max width** | Adjusts the maximum display width for the entire conversation. Setting it to the far left will use the platform's default width. |
| **Prevent image/avatar overlap** | When ON, the display area will automatically adjust so that standing images do not overlap avatar icons. |
| **[ChatGPT only]**<br>**Scan layout on chat load** | **[ChatGPT only] (Firefox only)**<br>Automatically scans the chat layout when opening a chat.<br>When using Firefox, scrolling may feel rubbery due to delayed layout calculations. Enabling this option runs an automatic "layout scan" on chat load to pre-calculate element heights and reduce the issue.<br>It can also be triggered manually via the "Layout Scan" button (the left end button on navigation console). |
| **[Gemini only]**<br>**Load full history on chat load** | **[Gemini only]**<br>Automatically loads the entire chat history when opening a chat.<br>It can also be triggered manually via the "Load full chat history" button (the left end button on navigation console). |
| **[ChatGPT only]**<br>**Show timestamp** | **[ChatGPT only]**<br>Displays the creation time for each message.<br>(This feature is not available for Gemini as it is technically difficult to retrieve timestamps.) |
| **[ChatGPT only]**<br>**Auto collapse user message** | **[ChatGPT only]**<br>Automatically collapses user messages that exceed the height threshold upon loading.<br>Requires **Collapsible button** to be enabled. |
| **Collapsible button** | Adds a button to each message to collapse long messages. |
| **Bubble nav buttons** | Enables navigation buttons (Prev/Next/Top) attached to each message. |
| **Keyboard shortcuts** | Enables keyboard shortcuts for navigation.<br>**Alt + ↑ / ↓**: Previous / Next message<br>**Alt + Shift + ↑ / ↓**: First / Last message<br>**Alt + J**: Open Jump List<br>**Alt + N**: Input message number<br>Requires **Navigation console** to be enabled. |
| **Navigation console** | Displays an operation panel above the text input field for quick navigation between messages. |
| **Console Position** | Choose where to display the navigation console.<br>**Input Top**: Floating above the input area (Default).<br>**Header**: Embedded in the top toolbar. |

### 3. Theme Settings Screen Items

A GUI editor allows for intuitive customization of all visual elements, including colors, fonts, backgrounds, and standing images.

![Theme Editor](./images/theme_settings.webp)

| Item | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Theme Management** | |
| `Theme` (dropdown) | Select the theme you want to edit. `Default Settings` is the base setting for all themes. |
| `Rename` | Changes the name of the selected theme. Clicking this enables inline editing. |
| `▲` / `▼` | Moves the theme's priority. Patterns of themes higher in the list are evaluated first. |
| `New` / `Copy` / `Delete` | Respectively, "Create new," "Duplicate," and "Delete" a theme. |
| **General Settings** | |
| `Title Patterns` | The theme is automatically applied if the chat **title** matches any of the regular expression patterns entered (one per line). |
| `URL Patterns` | The theme is automatically applied if the browser **URL** matches any of the regular expression patterns entered (one per line).<br>This takes priority over *Title Patterns* within the same theme.<br>See [Examples of URL Patterns](#examples-of-url-patterns) below. |
| **Assistant / User** | *(Assistant and User settings are common)* |
| `Name` | The speaker's name displayed on the chat screen. If left blank, the default name will be used. |
| `Icon` | Specifies the speaker's avatar icon using a URL, Data URI, or SVG string. |
| `Standing image` | Specifies the character's standing image displayed on the left and right sides of the screen, using a URL or Data URI. |
| `Bubble Settings` | **Message bubble style** |
| `Background color` | The background color of the bubble. |
| `Text color` | The text color inside the bubble. |
| `Font` | Specifies the font inside the bubble. |
| `Padding` | Adjusts the top/bottom and left/right inner padding of the bubble. |
| `Radius` | Adjusts the roundness of the bubble's corners. |
| `max Width` | Specifies the maximum width of the bubble as a percentage of the screen width. |
| **Background (Window Background)** | |
| `Background color` | The background color of the entire chat window. |
| `Background image` | The background image of the entire chat window. |
| `Size / Position / Repeat` | Sets the size, display position, and repeat option for the background image. |
| **Input area (Input Area)** | |
| `Background color` | The background color of the message input field. |
| `Text color` | The text color of the message input field. |
| **Footer Buttons** | |
| `Apply` / `Save` | Saves changes. `Apply` keeps the screen open, `Save` closes the screen. |

---

## Examples of URL Patterns

<ul>
  <li>
    <strong>Project (ChatGPT)</strong><br>
    URL: <code>https://chatgpt.com/g/g-p-<mark>abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456</mark>-something/project</code><br>
    Pattern: <code>/abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456/i</code><br>
    <small>Extract the 32-digit unique ID.</small>
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Custom GPT (ChatGPT)</strong><br>
    URL: <code>https://chatgpt.com/g/g-<mark>abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456</mark>-something</code><br>
    Pattern: <code>/abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456/i</code><br>
    <small>Extract the 32-digit unique ID.</small>
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Gem (Gemini)</strong><br>
    URL: <code>https://gemini.google.com/<mark>gem/abcdefghijkl</mark></code><br>
    Pattern: <code>/gem\/abcdefghijkl/i</code><br>
    <small>Include "gem/" and escape the forward slash (<code>\/</code>).</small>
  </li>
</ul>

Commit message:

feat(style): [AIUXC] 1.0.0-b470: Apply user font settings to the input area
This commit extends the theme customization capabilities by applying the user's font setting to the chat input area.
It also updates the theme preview logic to reflect this change in real-time.

- **feat(StyleTemplates): Apply User Font to Input Area**
  - Updated `getThemeBaseCss` to include the `font-family` property in the input area style definition (`INPUT_TEXT_FIELD_TARGET`).
  - The input area now automatically inherits the font configured for the user (`CSS_VARS.USER_FONT`), eliminating the need for a separate input font setting.
  - This respects the existing fallback mechanism: if no specific user font is set in the active theme, it defaults to the platform's default theme setting or the browser default.
- **feat(ThemePreview): Sync Input Preview with User Settings**
  - Updated `ThemePreviewController.renderActorPreview` to synchronize the input area preview with the user settings.
  - When editing the user's font configuration in the theme editor, the input area preview now updates dynamically to display the selected font.

docs/AI-UX-Customizer/settings.md, after:

# AI-UX-Customizer Settings Screen

## Settings Panel

The **Settings Panel** is the central hub for configuring global options and toggling features.  
Since **AI-UX-Customizer** is a unified script, this panel automatically adapts its layout and available options based on whether you are using **ChatGPT** or **Gemini**.

To customize visual themes (colors, backgrounds, standing images), use the **Theme Editor**, which is accessible via the "Edit Themes..." button within this panel.

### 1. Accessing the Settings

You can access the Settings Panel by clicking the **Settings button** (palette icon 🎨) located **inside the text input area**.

![Settings button](./images/settings_button.webp)

### 2. Settings Panel Items

| ChatGPT | Gemini |
| :--- | :--- |
| ChatGPT specific settings:<ul><li>Scan layout on chat load (Firefox only)</li><li>Show timestamp</li><li>Auto collapse user message</li></ul> | Gemini specific settings:<ul><li>Load full history on chat load</li></ul> |
| ![Settings Panel (ChatGPT)](./images/settings_panel_chatgpt.webp) | ![Settings Panel (Gemini)](./images/settings_panel_gemini.webp) |

| Item | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Applied Theme** | The name of the theme currently applied to the chat. Click to edit this theme directly. |
| **Themes** | Opens the **Theme Editor** to create, edit, and delete themes. |
| **JSON** | Opens the screen to directly edit, import, and export all settings in JSON format. |
| **Icon size** | Changes the size of the user and assistant avatar icons displayed on the left and right sides of the screen. |
| **Chat content max width** | Adjusts the maximum display width for the entire conversation. Setting it to the far left will use the platform's default width. |
| **Prevent image/avatar overlap** | When ON, the display area will automatically adjust so that standing images do not overlap avatar icons. |
| **[ChatGPT only]**<br>**Scan layout on chat load** | **[ChatGPT only] (Firefox only)**<br>Automatically scans the chat layout when opening a chat.<br>When using Firefox, scrolling may feel rubbery due to delayed layout calculations. Enabling this option runs an automatic "layout scan" on chat load to pre-calculate element heights and reduce the issue.<br>It can also be triggered manually via the "Layout Scan" button (the left end button on navigation console). |
| **[Gemini only]**<br>**Load full history on chat load** | **[Gemini only]**<br>Automatically loads the entire chat history when opening a chat.<br>It can also be triggered manually via the "Load full chat history" button (the left end button on navigation console). |
| **[ChatGPT only]**<br>**Show timestamp** | **[ChatGPT only]**<br>Displays the creation time for each message.<br>(This feature is not available for Gemini as it is technically difficult to retrieve timestamps.) |
| **[ChatGPT only]**<br>**Auto collapse user message** | **[ChatGPT only]**<br>Automatically collapses user messages that exceed the height threshold upon loading.<br>Requires **Collapsible button** to be enabled. |
| **Collapsible button** | Adds a button to each message to collapse long messages. |
| **Bubble nav buttons** | Enables navigation buttons (Prev/Next/Top) attached to each message. |
| **Keyboard shortcuts** | Enables keyboard shortcuts for navigation.<br>**Alt + ↑ / ↓**: Previous / Next message<br>**Alt + Shift + ↑ / ↓**: First / Last message<br>**Alt + J**: Open Jump List<br>**Alt + N**: Input message number<br>Requires **Navigation console** to be enabled. |
| **Navigation console** | Displays an operation panel above the text input field for quick navigation between messages. |
| **Console Position** | Choose where to display the navigation console.<br>**Input Top**: Floating above the input area (Default).<br>**Header**: Embedded in the top toolbar. |

### 3. Theme Settings Screen Items

A GUI editor allows for intuitive customization of all visual elements, including colors, fonts, backgrounds, and standing images.

![Theme Editor](./images/theme_settings.webp)

| Item | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Theme Management** | |
| `Theme` (dropdown) | Select the theme you want to edit. `Default Settings` is the base setting for all themes. |
| `Rename` | Changes the name of the selected theme. Clicking this enables inline editing. |
| `▲` / `▼` | Moves the theme's priority. Patterns of themes higher in the list are evaluated first. |
| `New` / `Copy` / `Delete` | Respectively, "Create new," "Duplicate," and "Delete" a theme. |
| **General Settings** | |
| `Title Patterns` | The theme is automatically applied if the chat **title** matches any of the regular expression patterns entered (one per line). |
| `URL Patterns` | The theme is automatically applied if the browser **URL** matches any of the regular expression patterns entered (one per line).<br>This takes priority over *Title Patterns* within the same theme.<br>See [Examples of URL Patterns](#examples-of-url-patterns) below. |
| **Assistant / User** | *(Assistant and User settings are common)* |
| `Name` | The speaker's name displayed on the chat screen. If left blank, the default name will be used. |
| `Icon` | Specifies the speaker's avatar icon using a URL, Data URI, or SVG string. |
| `Standing image` | Specifies the character's standing image displayed on the left and right sides of the screen, using a URL or Data URI. |
| `Bubble Settings` | **Message bubble style** |
| `Background color` | The background color of the bubble. |
| `Text color` | The text color inside the bubble. |
| `Font` | Specifies the font inside the bubble. **For "User", this font is also applied to the input area.** |
| `Padding` | Adjusts the top/bottom and left/right inner padding of the bubble. |
| `Radius` | Adjusts the roundness of the bubble's corners. |
| `max Width` | Specifies the maximum width of the bubble as a percentage of the screen width. |
| **Background (Window Background)** | |
| `Background color` | The background color of the entire chat window. |
| `Background image` | The background image of the entire chat window. |
| `Size / Position / Repeat` | Sets the size, display position, and repeat option for the background image. |
| **Input area (Input Area)** | |
| `Background color` | The background color of the message input field. |
| `Text color` | The text color of the message input field. |
| **Footer Buttons** | |
| `Apply` / `Save` | Saves changes. `Apply` keeps the screen open, `Save` closes the screen. |

---

## Examples of URL Patterns

<ul>
  <li>
    <strong>Project (ChatGPT)</strong><br>
    URL: <code>https://chatgpt.com/g/g-p-<mark>abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456</mark>-something/project</code><br>
    Pattern: <code>/abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456/i</code><br>
    <small>Extract the 32-digit unique ID.</small>
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Custom GPT (ChatGPT)</strong><br>
    URL: <code>https://chatgpt.com/g/g-<mark>abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456</mark>-something</code><br>
    Pattern: <code>/abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456/i</code><br>
    <small>Extract the 32-digit unique ID.</small>
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Gem (Gemini)</strong><br>
    URL: <code>https://gemini.google.com/<mark>gem/abcdefghijkl</mark></code><br>
    Pattern: <code>/gem\/abcdefghijkl/i</code><br>
    <small>Include "gem/" and escape the forward slash (<code>\/</code>).</small>
  </li>
</ul>
